Feat/add helm docs (#67)
caas-team/GoKubeDownscaler: website/content/docs/1 - helm-chart/2 - values/0 - replicaCount.mdx

Changing this to a different integer value will result in the deployment of the provided number of pods.

> If this value is greater than one the `--leader-election` argument will automatically be set on all created pods.

Reviewer: please add and reference the docs of the runtime argument here

This will in turn create [lease objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/leases/)

> to ensure only one instance of the GoKubeDownscaler is running at any given time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to ensure only one instance of the GoKubeDownscaler is active at any given time to avoid conflicts.
```
